Update README to reflect latest state (#45)
ember-template-imports/ember-template-imports: README.md

# ember-template-imports

## aka First-Class Component Templates

> This addon began as a testing ground for various "template import" syntaxes,
> but has essentially evolved to implement the
> [First-Class Component Templates RFC](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/id/0779-first-class-component-templates/),
> which introduces `<template>` tags as a format for making component templates
> first-class participants in JavaScript and TypeScript with
> [strict mode](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/id/0496-handlebars-strict-mode/)
> template semantics. The `<template>` syntax is made available to
> JavaScript and TypeScript files with the `.gjs` and `.gts` extensions, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestions
This addon implements the [First-Class Component Templates
RFC](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/id/0779-first-class-component-templates/), which
introduces `<template>` tags as a format for making component templates
first-class participants in JavaScript and TypeScript with [strict
mode](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/id/0496-handlebars-strict-mode/) template
semantics.

It also serves as a home for other syntaxes built on the same underlying primitives in Ember, including using `hbs` tagged template literal strings to create templates in JS. Although these are not the ultimate design for First-Class Component Templates, they remain supported for the transition period.
```

> First-class component templates address a number of pain points in today’s component
> authoring world, and provide a number of new capabilities to Ember and Glimmer users:
> 
> - accessing local JavaScript values with no ceremony and no backing class, enabling much
>   easier use of existing JavaScript ecosystem tools, including especially styling
>   libraries—standard [CSS Modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules)
>   will “just work,” for example
> - authoring more than one component in a single file, where colocation makes sense—and
>   thereby providing more control over a component’s public API
> - likewise authoring locally-scoped helpers, modifiers, and other JavaScript functionality
> 
> Here is an example of a `.gjs` / `.gts` component file, which demonstrates how other
> components (e.g. `MyComponent`) can be imported using JS/TS `import` syntax, and then
> rendered within the embedded `<template>` tag:

Reviewer: Let's not hard-wrap, please!

```suggestion
First-class component templates address a number of pain points in today’s component authoring world, and provide a number of new capabilities to Ember and Glimmer users:

- accessing local JavaScript values with no ceremony and no backing class, enabling much easier use of existing JavaScript ecosystem tools, including especially styling libraries—standard [CSS Modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules) will “just work,” for example
- authoring more than one component in a single file, where colocation makes sense—and thereby providing more control over a component’s public API
- likewise authoring locally-scoped helpers, modifiers, and other JavaScript functionality

Here is an example of a `.gjs` / `.gts` component file, which demonstrates how other components (e.g. `MyComponent`) can be imported using JS/TS `import` syntax, and then rendered within the embedded `<template>` tag:
```

- likewise authoring locally-scoped helpers, modifiers, and other JavaScript functionality

Here is an example of a `.gjs` / `.gts` component file, which demonstrates how other
components (e.g. `MyComponent`) can be imported using JS/TS `import` syntax, and then
rendered within the embedded `<template>` tag:

```js
import MyComponent from './my-component';

<template>
  <p>
    Rendering MyComponent below:
  </p>
  <MyComponent/>
</template>
```

> Template imports are an upcoming feature in Ember. Like Glimmer components, the

Reviewer: I'm fine with removing this particular section, but let's leave the sections *after* it.
